# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`gnupg`](#gnupg): Manage gnupg and public key entries

#### Private Classes

* `gnupg::install`: Install the package

### Resource types

* [`gnupg_key`](#gnupg_key): Manage PGP public keys with GnuPG

## Classes

### <a name="gnupg"></a>`gnupg`

Manage gnupg and public key entries

#### Examples

##### Basic installation

```puppet
include gnupg
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `gnupg` class:

* [`package_ensure`](#package_ensure)
* [`package_name`](#package_name)

##### <a name="package_ensure"></a>`package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

value passed to ensure param of package resource.
if package[gnupg] is already declared in the catalog, the package will not
be managed by this module.

##### <a name="package_name"></a>`package_name`

Data type: `String`

name of the package to ensure
supported operating systems have this value populated from hiera

## Resource types

### <a name="gnupg_key"></a>`gnupg_key`

Manage PGP public keys with GnuPG

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `gnupg_key` type.

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `absent`

The basic property that the resource should be in.

Default value: `present`

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `gnupg_key` type.

* [`gnupg_home`](#gnupg_home)
* [`key_content`](#key_content)
* [`key_id`](#key_id)
* [`key_server`](#key_server)
* [`key_source`](#key_source)
* [`key_type`](#key_type)
* [`name`](#name)
* [`provider`](#provider)
* [`proxy`](#proxy)
* [`user`](#user)

##### <a name="gnupg_home"></a>`gnupg_home`

The gnupg home directory. Overrides the default user's homedir.

Default value: ``false``

##### <a name="key_content"></a>`key_content`

Key content. The result of exporting the key using ASCII armor.
Can be either a public or private key.

##### <a name="key_id"></a>`key_id`

Key ID. Usually the traditional 8-character key ID. Also accepted the
long more accurate (but  less  convenient) 16-character key ID.

##### <a name="key_server"></a>`key_server`

PGP key server from where to retrieve the public key

##### <a name="key_source"></a>`key_source`

A source file containing PGP key. Values can be URIs pointing to remote files,
or fully qualified paths to files available on the local system.

The available URI schemes are *puppet*, *https*, *http* and *file*. *Puppet*
URIs will retrieve files from Puppet's built-in file server, and are
usually formatted as:

`puppet:///modules/name_of_module/filename`

##### <a name="key_type"></a>`key_type`

Valid values: `public`, `private`, `both`

The type of the key(s) being managed.

Default value: `public`

##### <a name="name"></a>`name`

namevar

This attribute is currently used as a
system-wide primary key - namevar and therefore has to be unique.

##### <a name="provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `gnupg_key` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet will usually
discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="proxy"></a>`proxy`

Set the proxy to use for HTTP and HKP keyservers.

##### <a name="user"></a>`user`

The user account in which the PGP public key should be installed.
Usually it's stored in HOME/.gnupg/ dir

